Children, Jehovah wants you to be happy and keep you safe.
But some people want to do bad things to you.
So Jehovah gave you a conscience.
It's like an alarm system that helps you to know right from wrong.
It will protect you from danger.
So Mum and I will help you test your alarm system.
Ready?
What if someone tells you something that makes you feel uncomfortable or scares you?
What do you do?
I'm not sure, but that's weird. Stop.
Very good. Tell them to stop it.
And you tell Mum and Daddy.
No matter what someone tells you, never keep a secret from us.
What if they ask you to do something that makes you feel uncomfortable?
I would say no.
You're right. You should say no and walk away.
What if they try to touch you where they shouldn't?
I wouldn't let them. I'd get out of there.
Good, Caleb. Even if it's an adult you know and trust,
you should say no and run away.
And you should yell, stop doing that. I'm going to tell on you.
Stop doing that. I'm going to tell on you.
The world can be a scary place, but you are never alone.
Remember, you have your conscience, your Mum and Daddy will love you.
And you have Jehovah.